[Father Pucchi] Delightful.
Heaven appears to be there,
after all.
And that place is
at Cape Canaveral Space Center,
to be precise.
[rumbling]
[grunts]
[Jolyne] Ermes!
[Father Pucchi] At the beginning
of everything,
there was gravity.
-[Jolyne grunts]
-[Emporio gasps]
[screams]
What... What's up with my hand?
[See Moon] Jolyne Cujoh!
Are you the friend who
was aiding Jolyne in prison?
Huh?
[Stone Ocean] Oraa, oraa,
oraa, oraa, oraa, oraa!
[grunts]
So, if he punches us,
we'll be in big trouble!
That's why whenever
his Stand's fists
made contact with something,
it'll be inverted!
And I don't know how far,
but with everything sideways,
we're just gonna keep falling!
So this is it.
Thanks to the unique energy
around Cape Canaveral,
the priest has somehow
developed a new Stand.
[mechanical clanking, whirring]
[Father Pucchi]
In order for human beings
to attain happiness,
they must first overcome
their destiny.
And the obstacles
Dio and I must overcome
are you damn Joestars
and your bloodline.
[grunts]
[gasps]
[tense music]
[See Moon grumbles]
[screaming]
[retches]
[cracks]
[Father Pucchi] Her heart has
been turned inside out.
[screams]
[cell phone rings]
My phone... But how?
It wasn't working before.
Could this text be from...?
[Jotaro] Jolyne is alive,
but just barely.
Yeah, it is Mr. Jotaro!
He must be close by.
Anastasia,
you gotta find Jolyne!
I think that Jolyne
is still alive!
For real?
[Father Pucchi]
What's going on? Jolyne Cujoh!
Her heart should've been
turned inside out!
I have to put an end to this.
The Joestar bloodline
is something I must overcome,
no matter what it takes!
[whimpers]
But... Which way are you going?
In order to protect Jolyne,
I'm gonna have to kill
that fucking priest!
[theme music]
[Father Pucchi] Jolyne...
I'm well aware that
she doesn't have
the capability to
move her body,
but how is she still alive?
Did I somehow miss
her vital points by accident?
No.
Without a doubt,
I hit her heart dead on.
It should've turned
inside out.
Could this be
the Joestar bloodline,
and the blood
of that damn Kujo?
Is that what's trying
to hinder the plan
that Dio and I had been working
to achieve?
[panting]
It's imperative
that I end Jolyne Cujoh here,
no matter what lengths
I must go to.
All the times Jolyne has
interfered with my plan,
within the prison
and in Orlando,
have been tests
on my path to heaven!
I know I can do this.
I'm Father Pucchi.
I am the one who walks the path
with fate on my side.
Our plan goes beyond
petty feelings of justice.
Dio and I will succeed!
There isn't a soul in the world
capable of getting in our way.
It's simply inconceivable!
[grunts]
You there... please, help me.
I could really use a doctor.
[groans]
I think my hip bone's
pretty messed up.
Can you call an ambulance?
-[Father Pucchi scoffs]
-Please, don't leave me!
It is close. I'm almost there.
The place where Jolyne fell
should be around here.
Huh?
She's there. That's a scrap
of Jolyne's clothing.
Meaning, it's likely
that she wound up
falling into this building.
As for the fool
sneaking up behind me,
I suggest you not come
any closer.
[suspenseful music]
Go away.
I do not consider you a test.
You don't even pose
a threat to me.
[suspenseful music builds]
[yelps]
[retches]
[flesh rips, cracks]
[gags]
[gasps]
Fall back, See Moon!
That's not Anastasia!
[See Moon roars]
[gasps]
[groans]
Diver Drive can phase
into more than
just walls and the ground,
you know.
He was one of the tourists who
died from your gravity ability.
I changed his bone structure
from the inside,
and turned him into me.
[grunts]
And you're already
within my range.
Take this! Diver Drive!
[Anastasia] I-I missed!
The madman...
He turned himself inside out!
[Father Pucchi]
To me, your significance
your significance
is even less than Sun Wukong
as he bounced around
in the Buddha's hand.
[exclaims, gasps]
[See Moon roars]
[gasps slowly]
[grunts]
[tense music]
[screams]
[grunts]
Huh?
[Father Pucchi]
Something just touched my face.
That was Jolyne Cujoh's hand.
She's moving.
What on God's green earth
is she doing?
How is she still able to move?
[suspenseful music builds]
She's bleeding.
She must've suffered
a grave injury.
My heart is telling me that
I must pursue her
with everything I have.
[sighs]
Now is the time
to end her permanently!
[approaching footsteps]
[Father Pucchi exclaims]
[Father Pucchi] Given that
he'll be looking
for his daughter,
I have no doubt that
Jotaro Kujo will be
arriving here any moment.
And it'll be a real nuisance if
Anastasia regains his composure
and tries to come for me again.
[Emporio grunts]
[Father Pucchi]
It appears that
everyone is gathering
to this location
in order to protect
Jolyne Cujoh.
If that is the case,
what's most significant right
now is that you perish here.
They all believe in you,
but it is your death
that will shatter
the hearts of everyone
who's heading this way.
[dramatic music]
Especially Jotaro,
who'll be losing his daughter.
That should be enough to
strip him of his reason to live
and the strength in his heart.
He will no longer be a threat
to either me or Dio.
It has to be now,
in this very place!
I will find you,
no matter what it takes!
[grunts]
Show yourself, Jolyne Cujoh!
You can't hide anymore!
[grunts]
There you are, Jolyne!
[See Moon screams]
[Father Pucchi gasps]
It's just her strings.
Dammit, she's behind me!
[grunts]
[chokes]
[Father Pucchi grunts]
[groaning]
I am going to devote
my entire being
to snuffing out
your life right here!
I'm already aware you've
suffered a severe injury!
The gravity pulls
in the opposite direction
of wherever my feet are!
Everything falls towards me!
[tense action music]
[Father Pucchi] See Moon!
There, I got you
with a direct hit!
Now both of your arms
are as good as gone!
[Father Pucchi exclaims]
[dramatic choral music]
Huh?
[grunts]
What in the world was that?
Both of her arms
should've been inverted!
What the hell?
[blood gurgling]
Come on out! Now, Jolyne Cujoh!
Your attempts to stop me
are futile! You can't get away!
[Jolyne strains]
[panting]
[breathes heavily]
Holy Mother of God!
What is that?
What's that shape in her chest
where her heart should be?
[Jolyne] Stone Ocean!
[grunts]
-[metallic chime]
-[gasps]
This is a Mobius strip.
So that's what you're creating!
[narrator] You start by tracing
the surface with your finger,
and from there, keep going.
If you continue to trace
without ever lifting
your finger from the surface,
you'll realize that
you've somehow
ended up on the other side,
that after going around
the entire length of it,
you'll find yourself
back at the starting point.
This shape with no front side
or back side
was discovered in
the 19th century
by a German mathematician.
In honor of him, the shape
was dubbed the "Mobius strip."
[Jolyne panting]
[Father Pucchi]
In order for it to invert,
you would need more
than one surface.
But it has no concept
of inside and outside.
The shape known
as the band of infinity,
she was able to make one
with her thread!
But there's only one
possible moment
where she could've made it,
and that's the very moment
when See Moon struck her
in the heart
with its fist!
The first person to have ever
eaten a mushroom
has my respect.
It might've been poisonous,
you know.
Was it just some lucky fool
that happened to eat it
and everything turned out
to be okay?
[Jolyne grunts]
[grunts]
-[Father Pucchi] Or perhaps...
-[grunts]
...was it a final act
of desperation fueled by hunger
that spurred this discovery?
[scoffs]
[grunts]
[strains]
[pants]
Let's test a theory.
If you take a direct blow
to your brain,
can you still stay alive?
Oraa, oraa, oraa,
oraa, oraa, oraa, oraa!
[grunts]
[strains]
Hm.
[breathes heavily]
[breathing heavily]
[Father Pucchi]
All I need is one.
But from which direction
shall I strike you down?
Just a single blow to your head
is all that it will take.
[Jolyne] So that's it, huh?
If you're comin' at me,
you'd better give it your all
till the end!
[Father Pucchi] Actually,
I'm biding my time
for the perfect moment.
[groans]
To assure my survival,
I've been observing you closely
as I circle around
and corner you.
[gasps]
Waiting for
the precise moment
that I shall finally
achieve victory.
Do you understand
what this means?
As I continue
to walk around you in circles,
all kinds of various objects
will begin falling into place
in the area surrounding me.
I just have to wait.
I'm waiting for
my fated moment
of victory to gravitate
toward me.
Do you see now?
With those dire wounds and
the Mobius strip you've made,
do you think
you'll be able to avoid it?
[Father Pucchi] It's here, the
moment I've been waiting for!
[gasps]
[Father Pucchi]
The corpse of a security guard!
And his gun!
-[gasps shakily]
-[cocks gun]
[gasps]
Jolyne!
Dammit!
-[Emporio yelps]
-Huh?
[grunts]
Shit!
[strains]
[gunshots]
Jolyne, no!
Move, Jolyne!
[distorted buzzing]
[silence]
[tense music]
[gasps]
[grunts]
[groans, exclaims]
Huh?
What the...
Oraa!
-[groans]
-[blood splatters]
-[grunts]
-[glass shatters]
[groans]
[Ermes] Courtesy of
the Speedwagon Foundation,
we fired this spear from
three kilometers up in the air
and managed
to drive it straight
into the ground here
at the Visitor Center.
[groaning]
Using my Stand, Smack,
I made it so the one spear
split into two.
And when I peel
the sticker off,
it tried its best
to come back together.
As long as I held on
to the spear,
it still pulled me
three kilometers
towards the other spear
at an extremely fast rate,
regardless of gravity.
I used the same principle
to get here
by dividing the spear
a few more times,
all while following where he
sensed that Jolyne was located.
[action music]
[weakly] Old man...
No, Jotaro Kujo and Ermes
made it at the last second.
[grunts]
[Emporio] We finally got you
surrounded, Father Pucchi.
The idea that your Stand
will reach
its completed state in 36 hours
is just your twisted fantasy.
This game is over.
You don't have any more allies
to help you.
And you won't ever be able
to see the new moon.
That's where you're wrong,
Emporio.
It appears that fate...
[gags]
...is truly on my side,
and is serving me with one last
test to prove my worthiness!
What I thought was a hindrance
became exactly what I needed.
In the end,
the Joestar bloodline
is here to lend me aid!
After my body was forcefully
thrown into this frame,
I finally saw the truth,
that the Kujos have been
my allies all along!
-[smashes]
-[gasps]
[sinister music]
[Anastasia] What is this?
Why the hell is
that damn priest
floating up towards the sky?
As I said before, gravity is
working with me as its center!
I understand everything now,
Dio!
This is it.
I no longer need to wait
for the new moon
to arrive in 36 hours.
If what I require
for this to work
is the gravitational effect
which is created
during the new moon,
then all I have to do
is stay afloat
and keep rising until
I can discover
those exact
gravitational conditions!
And from there,
I'll have found it.
The spot with the same pull
as the new moon!
In order for my See Moon
to become complete,
there must be
an optimal position
with which it'll activate!
[Anastasia] You think
we were gonna let you get away?
Keep struggling all you want,
but this is over
for you, Pucchi!
Relax your mind.
Locate the right position.
Calm down
by counting the prime numbers.
Thirteen, seventeen...
Son of a bitch is
mumbling something
under his breath up there!
His gravity hasn't changed yet.
Everything's still being pulled
parallel to the ground.
Hey, Ermes.
Take a look at the ground.
Huh?
Grab that gun
he dropped earlier.
Huh?
[Smack chitters]
You've grown so much, Jolyne.
[Jolyne shudders]
[breathes shakily]
[melancholic music]
Hold tightly to the railing.
[shudders]
Do it, Ermes.
Pick up that gun
and take the shot!
[cocks gun]
[gunshots]
See Moon!
Stop time, Star Platinum:
The World!
[zaps]
[melancholic music]
[Jotaro]
If I were a bettin' man,
I'd say you're gonna use your
Stand to deflect those bullets.
But time has been stopped
for a total of five seconds.
You won't even be able to see
this spear comin' at ya.
Oraa!
When time goes back to normal,
that spear will flash straight
through you.
Three more seconds.
Two seconds.
One second.
[grunts]
Now time will resume.
[See Moon shrieks]
-[squelches]
-[screams]
[soft grunt]
[gasps]
What the hell just happened?
The spear missed its mark.
He moved slightly
during the time stop.
[Emporio shudders]
It failed. He's still alive.
He's opening the door.
It looks like he's trying to
get inside the Space Shuttle.
[Ermes] Yeah,
and now this thing
is starting to float
in the air too!
The priest is taking shelter
in a goddamn
displaced Space Shuttle!
He managed to avoid the spear,
but how?
It makes no sense.
Hey, you guys...
I don't think
he's just trying to get away.
It can't be. Did he...?
Could he have
discovered something
that's giving him
the advantage?
Did he actually find
the missing element
to complete his ability?
[grunts]
[grandiose music]
[Father Pucchi cackles]
[Father Pucchi]
You are the ones
who've been helping
to raise me up all along.
Ever since you were in prison,
you've been there,
lending me aid!
[grunts]
Our Father, who art in heaven,
I beseech you
to lead and guide me!
I ask you to please
watch over me,
so I may not walk down
the wrong path!
It is to your very will
that I shall dedicate myself!
I can feel it!
[grandiose music]
The coordinates! I'm here!
["Distant Dreamer"
by Duffy playing]